Use Pytest for running tests (#726)
CLIMADA-project/climada_python: doc/guide/install.rst

   * - ``dev``
     - combination of ``doc`` and ``test``

> For executing the pre-defined test scripts exactly as they are the automated CI pipeline, you will also have to install ``make``.
> This can be easily done with conda:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For executing the pre-defined test scripts exactly as they are the automated CI pipeline, you will need ``make`` to be installed. On macOS and on Linux it is pre-installed. On Windows, it can easily be installed with conda:
```
